[Music]
[Music] then the Philistines took the Ark of God
then the Philistines took the Ark of God
then the Philistines took the Ark of God and brought us from ebony Zurita Ashdod
and brought us from ebony Zurita Ashdod
and brought us from ebony Zurita Ashdod when the Philistines took the Ark of God
when the Philistines took the Ark of God
when the Philistines took the Ark of God they brought it into the house of David
they brought it into the house of David
they brought it into the house of David and set it by Dagon and when the people
and set it by Dagon and when the people
and set it by Dagon and when the people of Ashdod arose early in the morning
of Ashdod arose early in the morning
of Ashdod arose early in the morning there was Dagon fallen on its face to
there was Dagon fallen on its face to
there was Dagon fallen on its face to the earth before the Ark of the Lord
the earth before the Ark of the Lord
the earth before the Ark of the Lord so they took Dagon and set it in its
so they took Dagon and set it in its
so they took Dagon and set it in its place again and when they arose early
place again and when they arose early
place again and when they arose early the next morning there was Dagon fallen
the next morning there was Dagon fallen
the next morning there was Dagon fallen on its face to the ground before the Ark
on its face to the ground before the Ark
on its face to the ground before the Ark of the Lord the head of Dagon and both
of the Lord the head of Dagon and both
of the Lord the head of Dagon and both the palms of its hands were broken off
the palms of its hands were broken off
the palms of its hands were broken off on the threshold only Dagon 's torso was
on the threshold only Dagon 's torso was
on the threshold only Dagon 's torso was left of it therefore neither the priests
left of it therefore neither the priests
left of it therefore neither the priests of Dagon nor any who come in to Dagon
of Dagon nor any who come in to Dagon
of Dagon nor any who come in to Dagon house tread on the threshold of Dagon in
house tread on the threshold of Dagon in
house tread on the threshold of Dagon in Ashdod to this day
Ashdod to this day
Ashdod to this day but the hand of the Lord was heavy on
but the hand of the Lord was heavy on
but the hand of the Lord was heavy on the people of Ashdod and he ravaged them
the people of Ashdod and he ravaged them
the people of Ashdod and he ravaged them and struck them with tumors both Ashdod
and struck them with tumors both Ashdod
and struck them with tumors both Ashdod and his territory
and his territory
and his territory the Ark of the God of Israel must not
the Ark of the God of Israel must not
the Ark of the God of Israel must not remain with us for his hand is harsh
remain with us for his hand is harsh
remain with us for his hand is harsh toward us and Dagon our God therefore
toward us and Dagon our God therefore
toward us and Dagon our God therefore they sent and gathered to themselves all
they sent and gathered to themselves all
they sent and gathered to themselves all the Lords of the Philistines what shall
the Lords of the Philistines what shall
the Lords of the Philistines what shall we do with the Ark of the God of Israel
we do with the Ark of the God of Israel
we do with the Ark of the God of Israel let the Ark of the God of Israel be
let the Ark of the God of Israel be
let the Ark of the God of Israel be carried away to gaff so they carried the
carried away to gaff so they carried the
carried away to gaff so they carried the Ark of the God of Israel away so it was
Ark of the God of Israel away so it was
Ark of the God of Israel away so it was after they had carried it away that the
after they had carried it away that the
after they had carried it away that the hand of the Lord was against the city
hand of the Lord was against the city
hand of the Lord was against the city with a very great destruction and he
with a very great destruction and he
with a very great destruction and he struck the men of the city both small
struck the men of the city both small
struck the men of the city both small and great and tumors broke out on them
and great and tumors broke out on them
and great and tumors broke out on them therefore they sent the Ark of God to
therefore they sent the Ark of God to
therefore they sent the Ark of God to edgren
edgren
edgren so it was as the arc of God came to
so it was as the arc of God came to
so it was as the arc of God came to eccrine that the accra Knights cried out
eccrine that the accra Knights cried out
eccrine that the accra Knights cried out they have brought the arc of a God of
they have brought the arc of a God of
they have brought the arc of a God of Israel to us to kill us and our people
Israel to us to kill us and our people
Israel to us to kill us and our people so they sent and gathered together all
so they sent and gathered together all
so they sent and gathered together all the Lords of the Philistines send away
the Lords of the Philistines send away
the Lords of the Philistines send away the Ark of the God of Israel and let it
the Ark of the God of Israel and let it
the Ark of the God of Israel and let it go back to its own place so that it does
go back to its own place so that it does
go back to its own place so that it does not kill us in our people where there
not kill us in our people where there
not kill us in our people where there was a deadly destruction throughout all
was a deadly destruction throughout all
was a deadly destruction throughout all the city the hand of God was very heavy
the city the hand of God was very heavy
the city the hand of God was very heavy there and the men who did not die were
there and the men who did not die were
there and the men who did not die were stricken with the tumors and the cry of
stricken with the tumors and the cry of
stricken with the tumors and the cry of the city went up to him
you
you [Music]